Added a features section to `understand` (#50)
capeprivacy/documentation: docs/understand/features/projects.md

# Projects

Projects are the building block for Policy within Cape. In the real world, most
data access is granted depending on the use case and what the user is trying
to achieve. Cape groups all of those different use cases into projects.

> For example, if you are a data scientist working for a bank in department A who is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are a data scientist working for a bank in the fraud department who is
```

tasked with creating a model to detect fraud. You may be able to train a better

> model if you can use other customer data that belongs to department B. In this context,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model if you can use other customer data that belongs to the sales department. In this context,
```
